thank you for a happy day after now the
incidents of congenital disease
worldwide standard about 1 in 300 live
birds with some of the affected children
experiencing variations of the blue baby
syndrome have a quite a number of them
have holes in their hearts much credit
is being given to the country's
pediatric surgeons who have been mending
tiny hearts through open-heart surgeries
however some of the affected little ones
like our baby Jerome need help to even
determine the true status and it's with
this in mind that inspired Jamaica seeks
your input to save a life inspired
Jamaica is brought to you by Guardian
group live safe live Wise live secure
live long live easy
Bluebird Bluebird you must come
underneath the window excuse sorry yonni
Lou endure the Browns entertaining
themselves even Donna face he gets a
kick out of the inspired to make a
downtime with them there's much to the
name Jerome sacred holy even though
everything about him has been different
compared to his eight siblings in the
space of a two-week seat text economy
here and never came down to the hospital
so damn happy mom them have him feed him
in with drip so chewy me get so used to
the jib so you know we remember that he
has breath she I'll give him ensure i
give him enfamil when he didn't digest
those she turned to the good old mint
mrs. M love immunity but in not putting
on 08 winning getting the minty so I
stopped giving them in the minty and go
to the doctor not only was he lactose
intolerant he was doing shot knockout
concord in concord on irregular please
be a secure on me bristlecone cause
really like him not breathing properly
like the breathing goes up and then it
stopped yes i have i have seen him turn
blue here what I didn't know I never
take it fine thing cuz I can't go to the
six-week clinic and I can't go to the
six-week clinic SI and I come home not
normally yeah always wake up for feed
and I don't see wake up cuz then give
him two shots and I don't see me a
coconut dear and I worried our than a
card is father I'm SI no se tu BAV not
waking up and you say to me see so how
you're no say in that way you know he
said fumble family came confront and
finally even a Somalia and instead
to miss a in Hong Kong we charter a
Karen came down by the hospital and
doctor say is not gonna live a second
time yes is a content yes his feet
swollen so I called the heart doctor in
tone and him say I should cam come
dr. William Foster is an adult
consultant cardiologist speak to me
about the the issue with this little boy
essentially it has a hole in the heart
this we could tell by a physical
examination and what we want to
determine for sure is whether he needs a
surgery or not that in today's world is
done by doing a cardiogram to get the
size of the hole where it is restrictive
or non-restrictive and if it's not
restrictive how big it is and then we
see whether we can manage to help him
interesting that he does need medication
for an attempt to avoid heart failure so
it has to be a fairly large hole he says
the dimension is one thing have a sense
of where there has high blood pressure
in the lungs chance that this is that is
not yet an issue and then move forward
with corrective surgery his mom is
unable is fair families unable to afford
the echocardiogram his mother it kills
him with love but she just can't manage
the cost of maintaining a healthy child
do you feel that you know you're the boy
need it's a ten thousand dollars to do
something man you can afford it I feel
bad feel feels very very bad so my time
I sit down and cry and so might I maybe
before I say don't don't go door
yourself I have people go to church and
have people who comfort me and tell me
that's God God God God wanna see me true
father God Brown small returns from
working at a cookshop raising chickens
and a little farming still cannot
stretch enough things not writing about
you don't know me keyonna you occupied
Matthew John parallel port city agency
me know but I don't know any other kids
impersonal school the children's
education is at risk to some of the time
offending with the love that I have here
and in the evening when
when when them coming leavin or may have
me have some family old already shop oh
dear that's the second one going back
all I will go there and get food stuff
for them to credit until I have
pneumonia p how can we help I think what
she needs is to get off they get good
starting blocks from your courtesy the
Costas 9950 dollars at that institution
which will help us about moral heart
institution they help those children who
can't afford it on their own and once we
have that in in place then we try to
find someone somewhere will assist him
since the cost is literally beyond but
it's basically beyond anybody's reach
unless you have health insurance or no
question doesn't begin to have that and
you can do the rest after that you
always do that get persons a way to get
the help they need yes 10 since august
of 86 been quite a few patients and for
that i have to give thanks to my
colleagues will made it possible Jerome
is on that list do you find more
children turning up with holes in their
hearts if you have a hole in the heart
at that age and it and it needs to be
closed and you can find someone who can
close it and that's all it is the
prognosis in today's world is i would
say surveyed the mortality is less than
five percent the prognosis for Jerome is
good but he needs that $10,000 daughter
the American economy is not as robust as
it used to be but there are still
pockets of kindness puppets of influence
box and generosity that will reach out
to help people at your own is there an
opening in the pockets of your hearts
through which you can squeeze something
for baby Jerome now what I've found over
there are 50 years ago 40 years my
goodness that I've been in Jamaica
working at this is that the generosity
is like want a copier of unending
unending willingness to make it possible
for all of us to survive
and that is why we say let's continue to
inspire Jamaica I'm Curlin Brown
inspired Jamaica is brought to you by
Guardian group live safe liv wise live
secure live long live easy